 If state.phase = Work
  User can make employment offers, request a job, send a short chat in the messages interface. (Other types of requests disappear from dropdown list)
  When a means of employment from messages is accepted, or the player chooses to work in their own development, their work phase is set. Once set, cannot change, and server will advance to the next phase of the day once everyone has chosen a work phase action.
  User can barter on a message, highlights the message border orange and small dropdowns appears where the salary value  and type can be changed. Once user finishes editing message, presses a small send button that appears when they are bartering on a message. The other user sees the message terms update in their box and the same oranage border around their message. They can accept, deny, or barter that adjusted message.
  If a user denies an offer, the message indicates that it was denied in both inboxes.
  Offers that were not interacted with (accepted, bartered, or denied) and text messages are deleted from game at end of phase, but stored in the db for researching

  Working at a Level one farm development generates one food for the development owner, level 2 generates 2, and level 3 generates 3. Working at someone else's development does not mean the player gets anything until the trading phase, where the owner can choose to pay the employee or not.
  All players can choose to build a development on the map where no developments exist yet. developments cost 3 wood and 1 metal, and are level 2 developments. To maintain a development, which degrades a level every seven days if not maintained, or upgrade a development to a higher level, it costs 1 wood and 1 metal. If a player is building or upgrading, they cannot generate resources that day. 
  All players can also spend their work phase trying to take any development away from another player. That player also does not generate any resources in taking, and taking is something that player has to continually do for 3 days. The owner of the development can contest this, and their work phase is also taken. Any employment offeres accepted for working at that development are annulled and those players no longer have a chosen work day action, freeing them to work somewhere else or join the conflict. If the owner of a taken development has already entered a work action, they are released and see that their development is being taken.  Any other player can see this conflict listed in their developments status card (card lists all the developments in the village, their level, their owner, and a small button to initiate taking/join the conflict). When another player joins the conflict, there is a small drop down that lets the player join the owner's side or the taker's side. If the owner does not contest a player taking their development, they lose it. If the work phase ends and the taking side has more people than the owners side, then the development ownership is transferred to the first player that started the conflict by taking. If the work phase ends and the owner has greater than or equal numbers of people on his side, then he keeps his development.

If state.phase = Trade
  All users that employed other players will have trade messages auto generated in their inbox that state the player name, the agreed wages, and a set of dropdowns that the employer user can use to pay the employed user something else or nothing. This is a way that employers can lie to employees and not pay them what was agreed on. Once the trade is set up the way the employer wants, they can click accept and the resources will be taken off the employer's inventory and added to the employee's inventory. The employee cannot accept, deny, or barter what they are paid, but a message will appear in their inbox of messages that they were paid X wages from their employer.

  User can make trade requests and chat, where there is a dropdown for quantity and type offered, and another two for quantity and type requested.
  Trades can be bartered and denied just like employment requests. Once both sides have accepted the trade, the trade border will be set to green and they then have two drop downs where they can change the type and quantity of what they will actually send, meaning that a player can lie in a trade and send something else or nothing in exchange for what the other player will send them.
  During the trade phase and night phase, a small card component will appear as a row between the messages and map components that will display "Finish trading"
For now, we will ignore the rumor phase

If state.phase = Night
  Users can message and chat with other players, a player can promise to share a fire with another player which means that that player does not need to burn a wood resource that night. The message board will be used for players to comminicate like trading, but invitations to fires and requests to join fires are simpler and do not need dropdowns, and there isn't a lying component in this mechanic. The small card component that appears during trading will say "End day eating X food and Y wood." If a player has no food, they do not eat. If they have food it is automatically consumed. If the player is joining someone's fire, they do not burn a wood. Otherwise a wood is automatically consumed as fire. A player's health state is effected by whether they eat or not, and at the end of the night players will start the next day with a chance of being sick. Being sick means that they cannot work, but they can still send messages, trade, and burn wood for others in the night.

There should be a parent "message" class defined by the game, a subclass implementation should exist for text messages, employment offers, trade offers, and fire joining requests or offers. These messages need to be verified as being legal (User can't actually trade trade things they do not have, but they can offer things they don't have. A user cannot offer employment at a development that isn't theirs, a user cannot offer a fire without having wood.) The game object will also have a timer that limits each phase to lasting 3 minutes. If a player takes a development, a minute is added to the timer so that the owner and others can respond. The timer should be listed in the gameplay header after the Day 1: Phase (Time left).


    def name_generator(self, filename='names/goblinNames.txt'):
        try:
            with open(filename, 'r') as f:
                pool = [line.strip() for line in f if line.strip()]
        except FileNotFoundError:
            print("FileNotFoundError")
            return
        random.shuffle(pool)

        yield from pool

        for i in count(1):
            yield f"Happy golbin {i}"
